Sister, are you blaming me?
I shouldn't have come back
You want to take your place, sorry.
We never want counterfeits in our family
It's time to go
Mom
For you
Could it be that our 18-year mother-daughter relationship
Is it better than a Shen An'an?
Mom, don't let my sister go
Cute Xiaojuan, it's alright to go back
Arne is just scared
If the family can't find their daughter
What about Mom and Dad?
You stole 18 years of An'an's rich life
You should have returned it by now.
You think so too?
OK
I see.
That being the case
I'm leaving now, sister.
I have already appointed a fiancé for you when I go home.
Country man takes out a pen and holds it
This card 100,000 dollars
If you marry, I must hide it
Take the money now
From Now On
You have nothing to do with my Shen family
The profits I have secretly created for the Shen family over the years
There are also tens of millions of 100,000
Are you dressed to beggar?
You white-eyed wolf dare to fight with others
Get out of here now
Get your hands out of here
Mom, get lost
Mom Gungun Mom